README.md, before:

# URL-Shortener-Web-app.
This repository is an assignment project of a URL hashing system using Django.
Basically it works as a URL shortening web app.
## Tools
### Backend
1. Python - Django
2. Django REST framework
3. PostgreSQL
Other libaries are specified with versions in requirements.txt file.

I chose Python for the versatality of syntax and my familiarity with it.
- And Django because it is super fast, Works on MVT (Model View Architecture) which is scalable and easily maintainable.
- Django offers a lot of built-in features like Auth Models which I have used for Authentication.
- Another best features is I dont need to revise SQL beacure I dont have to write any SQL querries with django.
- I chose REST framework for similar reasons but honestly I am not familiar with it  a lot.
- I chose PostgreSQL database because it is the most compatible with Django and the instance is very useful to setup with railway

### Frontend
#### TailwindCSS
I used Flowbites prebuild code from their website

# References
- [Django docs](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/)
- [Flowbite](https://flowbite.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart/)
- [DjangoRest](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

Commit message:

Edited docs and added reference images

README.md, after:

# URL-Shortener-Web-app.
This repository is an assignment project of a URL hashing system using Django.
Basically it works as a URL shortening web app.
## Tools
### Backend
1. Python - Django
2. Django REST framework
3. PostgreSQL
Other libaries are specified with versions in requirements.txt file.

I chose Python for the versatality of syntax and my familiarity with it.
- And Django because it is super fast, Works on MVT (Model View Architecture) which is scalable and easily maintainable.
- Django offers a lot of built-in features like Auth Models which I have used for Authentication.
- Another best features is I dont need to revise SQL beacause I dont have to write any SQL querries with django. Django's built in ORM handles all the Sql behind the models.
- I chose REST framework for similar reasons but honestly I am not familiar with it a lot.
- I chose PostgreSQL database because it is the most compatible with Django and the instance is very useful to setup with railway. Whereas SQLite is for developement and testing purposes. It is uite buggy sometimes.

### Frontend
#### TailwindCSS
I used Flowbites prebuild code from their website.


# References
- [Django docs](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/)
- [Flowbite](https://flowbite.com/docs/getting-started/quickstart/)
- [DjangoRest](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation)

## Reference Images
[Homepage](image_url)
